then the word of the Lord came to G Hugh
the son of Hanani against bear she
saying in as much as I lifted you out of
the dust and made you ruler over my
people Israel and you have walked in the
way of Jeroboam and have made my people
Israel sin to provoke me to anger with
their sins surely I will take away the
posterity of bear sure and the posterity
of his house and I will make your house
like the house of Jeroboam the son of
Nebat the dogs shall eat whoever belongs
to bear sha and dies in the city and the
birds of the air shall eat whoever dies
in the fields now the rest of the acts
of bear sure what he did and his might
are they not written in the book of The
Chronicles of the kings of Israel so
bear sure rested with his father's and
was buried in tearsa then ealer his son
reigned in his place and also the word
of the lord came by the prophet G Hugh
the son of Hanina against bearshare
and his house because of all the evil
that he did in the sight of the Lord in
provoking him to anger with the work of
his hands in being like the house of
Jeroboam and because he killed them
in the 26 year of ASA king of Judah ela
the son of Barcia became king over
Israel and reigned two years in tearsa
now his servant Zimmer I commander of
half his chariots conspired against him
as he was in tears a drinking himself
drunk in the house of aza steward of his
house in tears ax and Zimmer I went in
and struck him and killed him in the
27th year of ASA king of Judah and
reigned in his place then it came to
pass when he began to reign as soon as
he was seated on his throne that he
killed all the household of bear sure he
did not leave him one male neither of
his relatives nor of his friends thus
Zimride destroyed all the household of
bear sure according to the word of the
Lord which he spoke against spare sure
by G hew the prophet for all the sins of
bear sure and the sins of Allah his son
by which they had sinned and by which
they had made Israel sin in provoking
the Lord God of Israel to anger with
their idols now the rest of the acts of
Allah and all that he did are they not
written in the book of The Chronicles of
the kings of Israel
[Music]
in the 27th year of ASA king of Judah
Zimmer I had reigned in tearsa
seven days and the people were encamped
against gibbehh thong which belonged to
the Philistines now the people who were
encamped heard it said Zimmer I has
conspired and also has killed the king
so all Israel made am Rai the commander
of the army king over Israel that day in
the camp then our eye and all Israel
went with them up from givethem and they
besieged tearsa and it happened when
Zimmer I saw that the city was taken
that he went into the citadel of the
King's house and burned the King's house
down upon himself with a fire and died
because of the sins which he had
committed in doing evil in the sight of
the Lord in walking in the way of
Jeroboam and in his sin which he had
committed to make Israel sin now the
rest of the acts of Zimride and the
treason he committed are they not
written in the book of The Chronicles of
the kings of Israel then the people of
Israel were divided into two parts half
of the people followed tipline the son
of gynae 'the to make him king and half
followed a Murray but the people who
followed Omar I prevailed of the people
who followed tip 9 the son of guideth so
Tim lied died and Umrah reigned in the
31st year of ASA king of Judah Omar I
became king over Israel and reigned
twelve years six years he reigned in
tears
and he bought the hill of Samaria from
Shima for two talents of silver then he
built on the hill and called the name of
the city which he built Sumeria after
the name of Shima owner of the hill
Armour I did evil in the eyes of the
Lord and it worse than all who were
before him or he walked in all the ways
of Jeroboam the son of Nebat
and in his sin by which he had made
Israel sin provoking the Lord God of
Israel to anger with their idols now the
rest of the acts of Emre which he did
and the might that he showed are they
not written in the book of the
chronicles of the kings of Israel so our
eye rested with his father's and was
buried in Samaria then a her his son
reigned in his place in the 38th year of
ASA king of Judah a hab the son of amar
I became king over Israel and Ahab the
son of Omri reigned over Israel in
Samaria 22 years now a hab the son of
Omri did evil in the sight of the Lord
more than all who were before him and it
came to pass as though it had been a
trivial thing for him to walk in the
sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat that
he took his wife Jezebel the daughter of
F Bale king of the sidonians and he went
and served failed and worshipped him
then he set up an altar for bail in the
temple of bail which he had built in
Samaria
and Ahab made a wooden image a hab did
more to provoke the Lord God of Israel
to anger than all the kings of Israel
who were before him in his days pile of
Bethel built Jericho he laid its
foundation with a Byram his firstborn
and with his youngest son sigue he set
up its gates according to the word of
the Lord which he had spoken through
Joshua the son of nun
[Music]